[NARRATOR] Previously
on Dragon Ball Z Kai!
Goku announced that he would
be returning from Otherworld
for a single day to enter the
World Martial Arts Tournament!
Piccolo and Vegeta jumped at
the chance to test their skills
after years of peace on Earth,
and even Krillin and Android 18
have decided to
take part in the action!
Now, let's do this thing!
Yeah!
[NARRATOR] With less
than a month to go
before the tournament begins,
Gohan launched into a strict
training regimen with
the young Goten.
Um. Is it okay if I become all
super strong like you are?
I wanna go all
Super Saiyan, too.
[NARRATOR] Goten surprised
his older brother with his
Super Saiyan abilities,
and proceeded to put Gohan
through his paces!
Until--
[GOTEN]
Cut it out!
You flying around
when I can't is no fair!
So either teach me
how or get down here!
Whoa!
All right, all right!
Don't blow a gasket, Goten!
I'll get you zipping around
with me in no time, I promise!
Yeah?
You really mean it?
[NARRATOR] But wait! Goten
isn't the only one Gohan
had promised a flying lesson!
You don't get out of
teaching me to fly that easily!
Huh? Why do you think
I'm trying to get out of it?
[NARRATOR]
Flying school is in session!
Will it be a master class,
or a crash course?
Find out now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[birds tweeting]
Okay, time to
teach you guys how to fly.
I know you're both
anxious to get started,
so let's just dive right in.
So, uh, let's see.
The key to Flying Technique is
energy control, which, y'know,
isn't all that tough once
you get the hang of it.
But if you want to
zip around really fast,
that's the kind of maneuvering
you have to work your way up to.
"The key is energy
control"? C'mon.
What's that even mean?
[GOHAN]
For real?
Honestly, I've never had to
explain it to anyone before.
Okay, so you know
how you've got
this hidden reserve of
power deep inside you?
I what?
Earth to Gohan!
What you're saying
doesn't make any sense!
Gimme a second.
I'll think of a way to explain
it that works for you.
[VIDEL grunts]
It's this stuff! Look!
Pretty much, yeah.
That's the stuff.
Okay.
[GOHAN] So what
do you call it when
someone does a move like that?
Um...
Light shows and tricks?
You think that was
just some kind of trick?
No! I promise,
that was the real thing!
Well excuse me if
I'm not used to seeing
little kids blast rocks
to smithereens!
Uh, sorry 'bout that.
I just thought you could
use your power, that's all.
Wait, are you saying without
this energy, I can't fly?
Try not to get worked up.
You do need it to fly,
but everyone has it!
So we're gonna find it,
and help you to learn to use it.
You mean it?
Yeah, I promise!
Hey, can you keep
yourself busy a little bit?
I have to get her up to
speed on energy control
before we can tackle flying.
'Kay, but, maybe she'd
be better off on the ground.
No!
I am learning to fly!
Thanks for the input,
but she's not gonna give up.
[GOTEN]
Good luck, Gohan!
I'll see you later!
Hurry up and learn it, ma'am!
Hey!
Now, then.
Quiet your mind and relax.
When you're ready,
start slowly drawing out
your energy from within.
You see?
[chuckles]
So, you ready to try?
Huh?
Don't forget
the relaxation part.
Uh...
[grunting]
Calm down.
Don't stress yourself out.
It's not gonna happen
if you're too busy
beating yourself up
to let it.
[GOHAN]
Thanks for the food!
[GOTEN]
Yeah! I'm starved!
Letting me join you for
lunch like this is really nice.
I had to do it.
Couldn't let you sit there and
be the only one not eating.
Man, this is good.
Our cooks never make
anything as delicious as this!
What?
You have cooks, huh?
I didn't know your family
ran a restaurant, Videl.
[VIDEL] Sorry,
that was vague of me.
I meant our
personal chefs at home.
You guys have
chefs--like plural?
So, your family
is totally loaded,
that what you're saying?!
How many rooms
do you have, Videl?
Ten? Twenty?
I should know
the answer to that.
Maybe four dozen, give or take?
Four dozen?!
You guys are
filthy stinking rich!
I could eat this all day!
So when are you two
lovebirds tying the knot, huh?
Wow, Mom!
Gohan and Videl
are getting married?
I get a big sister?
We are not getting
married, you guys!
Stop saying that!
[GOTEN]
Ha!
Gotcha!
[croaks]
[GOTEN]
Oh yeah?
Aw!
Yeah, good.
There you go.
Wow! You're a
natural at this!
I shoulda known that
anyone as into martial arts
as you are would be a quick
learner with all this stuff!
Good job, Videl!
[chuckles]
So! Ready for takeoff now?
You still gotta get to where
you can use it all the time.
Your body is a lot
of mass to try and
move around
for a rookie, y'know?
[laughs nervously]
[SOUTH KAI laughs]
Looks like your
friend over there
is working up
a pretty decent sweat.
Goodness. Talk about
an unexpected guest.
Long time no see, South Kai.
They say this Goku
fellow's one of the top
two most capable
fighters in the north.
[laughs]
How heavy are those
weights you clamped
onto his arms and
legs, North Kai?
[KING KAI]
What, those?
They're nothing
to write home about.
Just two tons apiece.
Two tons apiece?
Didn't think they'd be
that heavy, now did ya?
[SOUTH KAI] Uh... And here
I thought they were heavier!
Eight tons is pretty measly.
I think Papoi's hat
weighs more than that!
He's the greatest hero
in the last 2,000 years
in my neck of the
woods down south.
He's quite a find.
Compared to him, your guy might
as well be a 90-pound weakling.
Oh, really?
It turns out there's a
martial arts tournament
coming up on a little
planet called Earth,
and he's been given special
permission to compete.
Wanna put your money where
your mouth is and enter Papoi?
You betcha.
He's gonna enter that
contest, don't you worry.
And he's gonna win the whole
ball of wax, guaranteed!
[KING KAI]
Oh, Goku!
You want me to
make those weights
a little bit more of
a challenge for ya?
Huh? Sure, go ahead.
But, how much heavier
were you thinking?
Oh, y'know.
A nice round number.
How about ten?
What? Ten tons?
You gotta be kidding me!
Uh. Yeah.
Ten tons apiece sounds like
it might be pushing it a bit.
That's heavy!
[laughs]
Well said, young man!
Nobody can handle
that kind of weight!
And you, North Kai,
was that your idea of a joke?
[PAPOI emits a
slow-witted laugh]
Goku! I forgot to mention,
you can go
Super Saiyan now.
If I go Super Saiyan, then
ten tons each'll be a cinch!
What?
Great! Let 'er rip!
Go ahead and
change his weights
to ten tons apiece, South Kai!
That's like 40 tons!
If you're bluffing, you'd
better say something now,
because I'm really gonna do it!
No kidding!
Uh, yup!
Eh...
Hm?
[laughs]
Forty tons, man!
Do the math!
Do it already!
If you snap like a twig
it's not my fault, got it?
[grunts]
Forty tons!
[bellows]
Ah. Well done.
That martial arts
tourney I mentioned
starts up in 28 Earth
days from now.
As strong as he is, I'm sure
Papoi is eager to enter!
Actually, I think we're
going to have to miss it.
Papoi feels that
tournaments are a real yawn!
It's not like
you're missing out.
I mean, really--who goes to
the trouble of entering some
podunk little competition
on Earth of all places?
[KING KAI chuckles]
Okay then, flying lesson one!
The most important part--
is maintaining steady
control of your energy.
[GOTEN grunting]
Uh...
Non-stop hopping isn't
really what it's all about.
Just try your best to focus.
Oh!
I'm flying!
Wow! Way to go!
Keep it up!
That's it!
I can fly now,
just like Gohan!
[laughs]
--Yeah!
--Hey! You're doing great!
I mean it!
[GOTEN]
Wheeee!
Easy! Don't overdo it!
C'mon! I could
do this all day!
[yells]
[GOHAN]
Goten!
I know that
crash-landing's no fun,
but don't worry about it--
you'll be zipping around
like a pro in no time!
You believe me, don't you?
Are we gonna train now
that I can fly like you?
Sh!
We will, as soon as
Videl's out of our hair.
Once she goes home,
we'll train all you want.
--Cool?
--Cool!
I'm still here!
And I still can't fly, Saiyaman!
[GOHAN]
Uh! Sorry about that.
I'm coming back over, see?
But gosh, just look
at the time, Videl!
I'm sure your father
must be worried
sick about you right now!
[VIDEL]
I'm a big girl, Gohan.
And flying is more important.
[GOHAN] In that case,
try to relax your body more,
but focus your energy
at the same time.
I know those kinda
sound contradictory.
Attagirl, Videl!
Now you're gettin'
the hang of it!
You did it! Wow!
[chuckles]
We have liftoff!
Stop babbling!
I'm trying to concentrate!
It's your first day
of trying to fly
and you already
got off the ground!
That is incredible!
He is such a show-off!
[GOTEN]
Look, Gohan!
I can fly in a figure-eight
thingie like this.
Aw, lookit!
Hold on, comparing your
progress is apples and oranges!
Goten had complete control
of his energy way before today!
As soon as you get
that part nailed down,
the rest will be simple!
You'll be flying as
well as him in no time!
So we're done, right?
I'll be back tomorrow.
Do you really think
that's necessary?
You did so well
just now, I'm sure you
can figure out the
rest pretty easily.
I want to learn about
controlling my energy.
My being here isn't
a problem for you, is it?
[GOHAN] How could you even
think something like that?
Fine. Then I'll be back.
[GOHAN]
Huh?
[VIDEL]
All right, see ya.
Yeah. Take it easy.
Oh, I almost forgot.
Forgot what?
Well, it's about how you
wear your hair long.
Maybe you should go short.
Y'know, just a thought.
Wait, are you
saying that you like
girls with short hair better?
Aaah! Hold on a sec!
It's not about liking stuff!
When you're out there
competing in that tournament,
long hair could be
a liability, y'know?
'Cause it gets in your face,
and your opponents
can grab you by it, so maybe--
Just shut up about
my hair already!
What the hell do you
know about style anyway?
[aircraft engine revs]
[GOTEN] How come
Videl got all grumpy?
[GOHAN]
I--I dunno.
But the one thing I do know...
[GOHAN]
I really should be training!
[ANDROID 18]
Prepare yourself!
Time out!
Wait! You can't just
start swinging at me
first thing in the morning!
I'm not even warmed up yet!
Seriously, are you trying to
knock my head off or something?
[ANDROID 18]
Save your excuses!
[KRILLIN]
Kamehame--!
[ANDROID 18]
Oh, no you don't!
Oh... Sparring while the
day is young, I see!
Good!
[yawns]
[VEGETA grunting, yelling]
What are you
even doing in here?
The gravity in this room
is too much for you.
It's one hundred and fifty
times stronger than normal,
so go play somewhere else.
I got a phone call
from Goten last night,
and he said he's gonna enter the
World Martial Arts Tournament,
so I'm gonna get in
shape and--and do it, too!
Everyone's getting
in on the action.
[TRUNKS] Maybe this is
too much gravity!
Super Saiyan! Here goes!
--[VEGETA] Huh?
--[TRUNKS] Haaa!
[chuckles]
[VEGETA]
How in the world--?
[TRUNKS]
Take that, stupid gravity!
That's not even possible!
[TRUNKS] Who needs walking
when I can jump?
You have got to be kidding me!
He changed into a
legendary Super Saiyan
with the ease of
a seasoned warrior?
Trunks, come here.
[TRUNKS]
Huh?
[VEGETA]
Gohan's younger brother.
Can he become a
Super Saiyan, as well?
Yup.
What is this, some sort of
Super Saiyan
bargain basement sale?
[TRUNKS chuckles]
I want you to hit me!
Uh. Dad, you know
I'm not good enough.
You're way too strong for me.
Obey your father and attack!
And if you can land
even one punch on my face,
I'll take you to
that amusement park
you're always going on about.
Really, Dad?
You'll take me there?
It is on, then!
I want you to come at
me with all you've got!
Here I go!
[yells]
[yells, gasps]
[TRUNKS groans]
You never said you
were gonna hit back.
I never said I wouldn't!
You should never
lower your guard.
No fair!
Stop that whining!
I'll take you
to the stupid park!
Really?
But first, tell me this--
which of you is stronger.
You, or Gohan's brother?
I'm stronger than Goten,
but only by a little bit!
He can't fly and he's a
year younger than me,
so I betcha that's part of it.
[VEGETA] So Goten
can almost attack
at that level, too?
What the hell
is going on here?
The amount of energy I'm sensing
from Piccolo is truly amazing!
He's been sitting like
that since yesterday,
but he just keeps
getting stronger!
This has to be
thanks to Goku entering
the World Martial
Arts Tournament!
[GOHAN]
That was great!
[GOTEN]
Yeah! Thanks, Mom!
Okay, Goten.
Let's head out there!
I'm ready!
[GOHAN] C'mon! Let's get
some special training in
before we get interrupted!
All right!
[helicopter blades whirr]
[GOTEN yells]
Aw, too late!
Hey Gohan,
who's this new lady?
All right, let's pick up
where we left off yesterday.
You cut your hair.
I don't understand girls
at all, not even a little bit.
[NARRATOR] Goten and
Trunks are wowing brother
and father alike with their
Super Saiyan powers.
Meanwhile, it's the
contents of Videl's heart--
and not the length of her hair--
that Gohan should
keep an eye on.
Will he figure it out
or remain clueless?
Find out,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me--Goku!
Long time no see!
It's been seven whole years,
and I'm sure a lot
of things have changed.
So, how've you all been?
[CHI-CHI] Oh, I'm so glad
you're back, Goku!
Look, Goten!
Stop being bashful already,
honey--this man is your father!
[GOTEN]
Dad!
[GOKU] Next time
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] We're all
about to enter
the World Martial Arts
Tournament together!